[Music]
so last week I took out a small loan to
buy the latest phone model I had to have
it just as I'm walking out of the store
I see a Forbes list millionaire talking
on a model released five years ago and
that's when it hit me rich people don't
buy what poor people want and it's not
just phones clothes and shoes superstars
look like real stars in their stunning
designer outfits poor minded people want
the same and they'll save a few
paychecks are going to debt to get the
celebrity look truly successful people
focus not on price or brands but comfort
simple t-shirts and jeans that's all
they're successful and confident they
don't need to prove that through their
outfits high ticket property penthouses
mansions
luxury villas so many people are ready
to take out a loan and pay for it for
the rest of their life if it means they
can own some elaborate property not for
the rich they'd rather buy a nice enough
place where the price is right
or they get an old fixer-upper and
invest money to bring it back to life
gadgets
have you ever upgraded to the latest
model even when you're older phone was
working just fine we all do it some of
us even take out loans or sell something
to come up with the cash for a brand new
super cool gadget why just to seem
richer and trendier yet many wealthy and
successful people stick with regular
phones for several years and feel great
while doing it
loans cap says were on the subject this
is a repeating thing when it comes to
rich versus poor rich people avoid debt
whether it's loans credit cards any kind
of borrowed money for instant
gratification poor people get into debt
to pay off old loans and is just an
endless cycle all for the sake of having
things they can't afford but want to
look like they can just doesn't make
sense
food put two dishes on the table one
belongs to a rich person the other
someone who's low income one plate is
covered with steamed veggies grains
maybe some boiled chicken overall
doesn't that look appetizing the other
mm-hmm a big juicy hamburger greasy
french fries slathered in salt
mouth-watering guess whose plate is
whose the modest looking meal is common
for the rich they'd rather it be bland
yet healthy and cost-effective then
delicious but bad for your gullet and
your wallet because that makes sense
the image you earn your first million
and then comes that irresistible urge to
spend it on a flashy car designer suit
and dinners in the most expensive
restaurants yet even some billionaires
drive an old but reliable car use public
transport and dress like the average Joe
or Jane such people don't need to prove
anything to others they get pleasure and
confidence from what they do and this
earns them respect not the sparkly
material stuff get-rich-quick schemes
I'm not just talking about investing in
some shady pyramid thing it could also
be seeing and paying a fortune teller or
psychic spending money on bets and
lottery tickets anything that promises
instant riches and success what's the
wealthy way to predict some events
collect all the information and analyze
it then make an educated bet it often
works in their favor get rich training's
do you think many rich people made it
big because they went to some trainings
with five easy step to riches for the
low price of
okay that's what the rich don't spend
their resources on so what do they do
with their time and money
well for starters there's
self-development not to be confused with
those get rich trainings yes a wealthy
person will never regret spending money
on expensive courses to master some new
profession or further develop an
existing skill they made also pay for
fitness club memberships this is an
investment of money in oneself and it'll
pay off in any case either this
knowledge will help you earn more money
or improve your physical and mental
health charity rich people give millions
to different charitable foundations
plenty of them start their own and
before you say well duh they have the
extra cash to do that remember that
donations aren't just financial you can
also give your time by volunteering at
local charities why because doing good
for others makes you feel good it can
keep negative feelings away and keep you
on top of your game just try it you'll
see technological development some very
rich people feel that technological
progress on earth is completely
dependent on them with this huge feeling
of responsibility they invest lots of
money energy and time in the development
of modern technology Elon Musk Bill
Gates Steve Jobs not sure where we'd be
today if not for people like them
perhaps a little behind emotional wealth
material wealth will fade over time but
emotions remain in your memory forever
that's why rich people travel so much
and I'm not talking about these
instagram-worthy beach trips staying in
5-star hotels now many rich travelers
try to immerse themselves in the local
culture that can often mean cozy
bed-and-breakfast and small family-owned
restaurants for a modest price business
you know all those stories about people
suddenly coming upon riches and blowing
it all within a few months this happens
because they don't follow the main rule
for capital expansion any money should
work for you if it's hidden under your
mattress or being wasted on flashy
phones clothes and
have you then it's not working for you
what's much better is making your money
grow on its own savings accounts smart
investments your own startups as long as
you've done all the necessary
calculations and research this untouched
money will only make you richer doing
versus dreaming many people dream of
money visualize it drop pictures of the
luxurious life in their heads
unfortunately that's exactly where that
dream stays in their head the right way
is not to strive to be rich but to
become a person who's worth a lot of
money wealth is gained by very
disciplined stubborn people who are
ready to work for their goals it can be
opening your own restaurant making that
movie you've wanted to realize for years
designing a new airplane model that will
revolutionize the industry
whatever's captured your heart while
these people are out there making that
goal happen money is attracted to them
automatically and people who only think
about money can spend their whole lives
sitting on the couch and waiting for a
miracle dedication it seems like rich
people's lives are so easy and fun just
work toward your goals and live modestly
but that's far from the truth every
minute is important in their schedule
meetings conferences paperwork the gym
family time flights more meetings
reading and then you've got your basic
physical needs of eating and sleeping
somewhere in there not every person can
handle the pace and all that
responsibility what's the point of being
rich if you don't even have time to
spend your money think about it hey if
you learn something new today then give
the video a like and Cheer with a friend
and here are some other cool videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life